This folder contains 22 sub-folders, and each of which represents a bug from the Defects4J (https://github.com/rjust/defects4j) benchmark.

For each sub-folder (bug), the mojority of its contents are extracted using the command provided by Defects4J.
For instance, for ``Chart_1_buggy``, you can extract the bug via command 

``defects4j checkout -p Lang -v 1b -w Chart_1_buggy``

We have already provided the information of a bug, and you can also extract those data by yourself after installing Defects4J.

We have added two more sub-folders in each bug, which is intermedia results generated by **CapGen**:

``./faultSpace/originalTest.txt``: this stores the information of the fault space, which is generated using GZoltar.

``./ingredients``: this stores the information of the extracted ingredients:

 * ``./ingredients/FSInformation.txt``: stores the information of the fault space,
  including the information of all accessable variables and methods.

 *  For each ``class`` in the fault space, we extract its ingredients together with the other required information for ranking the ingredients.

    * ``./ingredients/class.java.ingredients``: stores the information of all the ingredients (line number, source positions and the accessed variables) in the ``class`` file together with their genealogy context information.

    * ``./ingredients/class.java.methods``: stores the methods information of ``class``
  
    * ``./ingredients/class.java.class``: stores the inheritance relations of each related classes.

    * ``./ingredients/class.java.semantic``: stores the dependency context for each ingredient.

 * Based on these files, the ingredients can be ranked, and the ranking results is stored in ``./ingredients/ingredientsRank.txt``.

 * We have provided all the files above, and you can also regenerated them using our tool **CapGen** (referring to https://github.com/anonymousWork/CapGen/tree/master/CapGen).


 * Be noted that the dependency context is extracted based on the following files generated leveraging a program analysis tool Understand:

    * ``./ingredients/class.java.udb``: is the database file generated using Understand, which is used for further analysis.

    * ``./ingredients/class.java.ast``: stores the AST node information of the class program.

    * ``./ingredients/class.java.cfg``: stores the information of the control flow graph used for program slicing.

    * ``./ingredients/class.java.use``: stores the variable def and use information generated using Understand.

  * We have provided all these files, but regenerating them requires installing the tool Understand.
